you
in the 40 odd years I've been fishing
they've been tremendous improvements in
fishing tackle now nowhere is this more
obvious than in the manufacture of
fishing line truly a high-tech industry
chemists physicists engineers men who
are leaders in their field have
developed these products which are
produced by skilled workers
state-of-the-art machinery and
immaculate conditions now with all the
school going to the manufacture of
fishing tackle I think it's reasonable
that anglers like yourself and myself
learn the necessary skills that are
required to take advantage of these
really state-of-the-art high-tech
products now the first month we're going
to look at our couple of blood nuts ok
now this nuts called the full blood
night of clinch and it retains a
surprising ninety percent of Alliance
breaking strain we thread the line
through the eye of the hook and we do it
again so that a loop is formed like so
one side of a loop we have the standing
part or main line on the other side we
have the tag now what we have to do now
is wrap the main line or standing part
with the tag we do this from three to
six times now that depends on the
breaking strain will the thickness of
the line because the light of the line
they're more flexible it is so the more
reps we use the heavy of the line we use
less wraps because there's more friction
in forming the nut so we reduce the
number of reps so we go around once
twice three times and this line being in
the middle of the range big around four
times okay then we thread the line right
through the center of this configuration
hold it hold the tag of the line between
the middle finger and the thumb and we
simply close the knot up like that and
there we have a perfect example of a
full-blood not